I'll see who dares to do it
Liu Chengcheng, why are you here?
If I don't come
How do you know you have such great courage?
Make trouble for me at such a critical moment
Manager Liu, the mess here
Can you really blame Manager Bai?
It's in the workshop, this dog man and woman appeared?
What dog man and woman
The leader is him
Jiang Yan
He is a famous fox in our factory
Go around hooking up with men
And this one.
Yigu is the most famous gambler in our city
He blocked his wife's life-saving money
I called him a dog.
It's all green.
That's right, a man as bad as Yiqiu
And a cheap woman like Jiang Yan protects him with all her life
It's cheap to the bone
Elder Liu is not like this at all
The two of them are deliberately smearing
Who smeared you?
A ball just now said that you were the factory manager
Now that the factory manager is here, why don't you admit it?
Manager Liu
One ball he didn't mean that
You still quibble
Now the factory manager is here
You can't keep your job
Captain Liu has stained the eyes of the big boss
Or I'll ask someone to kick them out now
Ok ok you two
Well done!
Factory Manager, you don't like it anymore.
It's our job to clean up the trash.
I see garbage that should be cleaned up
Is it you two?
Factory Manager Liu, what do you mean?